Governance docs (#371)
NASA-IMPACT/veda-data-airflow: README.md

# VEDA SM2A (Self-Managed Apache Airflow)

> This repo houses function code and deployment code for VEDA projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo houses function code for data processing and ingestion pipelines and deployment code for VEDA Self-Managed Apache Airflow.
```

See [getting-started-install](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)

### Docker && docker-compose

See [install-docker-and-docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

### Python

- Install [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/).
- Run `uv sync` to install the required python packages. By default, all optional dependencies are included. To avoid this, use `uv sync --no-default-groups`.

### Configuration
- ⚠️ You need to copy ./sm2a/sm2a-local-config/env_example to ./sm2a/sm2a-local-config/.env
- You can define AWS credentials or other custom envs in [.env](./sm2a/sm2a-local-config/.env) file.
- ⚠️  If you update ./sm2a/sm2a-local-config/.env file you should run `make sm2a-local-run` again

### Fetch environment variables using AWS CLI

To retrieve the variables for a stage that has been previously deployed, the secrets manager can be used to quickly populate an .env file with [`scripts/sync-env-local.sh`](scripts/sync-env-local.sh).

```
./scripts/sync-env-local.sh <app-secret-name>
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Be careful not to check in `.env` (or whatever you called your env file) when committing work.

> Currently, the client id and domain of an existing Cognito user pool programmatic client must be supplied in [configuration](ingest_api/infrastructure/config.py) as `VEDA_CLIENT_ID` and `VEDA_COGNITO_DOMAIN` (the [veda-auth project](https://github.com/NASA-IMPACT/veda-auth) can be used to deploy a Cognito user pool and client). To dispense auth tokens via the workflows API swagger docs, an administrator must add the ingest API lambda URL to the allowed callbacks of the Cognito client.

Reviewer: I think we have fully cut over to keycloak (#365) but a quick search shows some remaining cognito config variables. Should we update the docs now and fix the cognito variables in another task?
